Who are you?
Why did you arrest me at the Great Wall?
What did you do to him?
What an infatuated woman
Men are all big pig hooves
Your man has betrayed you
Still thinking about him
Miss
This woman is Ouyang Feilong's sister
We have him in our hands
Then Ouyang Feilong is equivalent to being pinched by us
Why don't we get some interest back first?
You fool
If you dare to touch him
The old lady will be scrapped soon
He is the key to saving the Chen family
If something happened to him
Ouyang Feilong, that lunatic, did something
Can you afford that?
Tie the lights here. Let's go.
go nowhere
You try it.
Miss, the owner asked me to save you
Don't show up yet
Lure the bad guys out first.
Parents and sons will avenge you immediately